Welcome to the 2026 Akuna Capital Trading Competition. My name is Sean Vernon and I'm a quantitative trader here at Akuna Capital. >> And I'm Jack DeShane, a junior trader at Akuna trading binary options. You may be familiar with binary options, also known as event contracts, from different exchanges like Cboe or PredictIt. These instruments price the probability of a given event or outcome occurring, which could range from who will win an election to whether or not Bitcoin closes above $100,000 at the end of this year. These contracts are worth zero or one at settlement based on whether or not the given outcome occurs. I find these instruments to be conceptually easier to think about than traditional financial options as they are simply priced using the probability distribution of the underlying, the probability one event will occur out of a set of events, the distribution of returns of an index, or any other measurable outcome. In this challenge, you will design both pricing and trading strategies for binary options. I'll let Sean explain more of the details.
>> Thanks, Jack. The trading competition will involve binary options of three underlyings, the Fed funds rate and the valuations of two made-up private AI companies, Ajar AI and Theory AI. These three underlyings will vary in value according to a joint distribution, which you'll have to estimate from historical returns. Generally, as interest rates fall, the valuations of moonshot startups rise and vice versa. You'll be both quoting and responding to orders for binary options involving these three underlyings. You'll see all the details in the code once you start the challenge. Your goal will be to make a market-making bot which both provides two-sided quotes, a bid and an offer with quantities, and responds directly to customer buy-sell orders. Your market-making bot should balance the risk of trading orders, being mindful of both your theoretical value for the options and the position you already hold. You'll be competing in a variety of scenarios with both progressively more difficult competitors and more difficult trading conditions. So, you'll want to find ways to adapt your behavior based on information you get from your counterparties. You'll also want to be careful to avoid going bankrupt, which will cause you to automatically fail the scenario. You'll first be scored based on how well you do in the HackerRank environment, so get started soon and try to get your score as high as possible. The top competitors will then face off directly to determine the winners of the competition.